Dprice changelog 02 02 2024 (#1386)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/vercel.md

    1. Select the Neon project that you want to connect to your Vercel project by selecting the Neon project, database, and role that Vercel will use to connect.
      ![Connect to Neon](/docs/guides/vercel_connect_neon.png)

          The **Create a branch for your development environment** option creates a branch named `vercel-dev` and sets Vercel development environment variables for it. The `vercel-dev` branch is a clone of your project's primary branch (`main`) that you can modify without affecting data on your primary branch.
         <Admonition type="note">

>          Branches created for preview deployments are created from the [primary branch](/docs/reference/glossary#primary-branch) of your Neon project. Earlier versions of the integration created branches from the initial [root branch](/docs/reference/glossary#root-branch) of your Neon project, which is designated as the primary branch by default. Neon allows you to [change the primary branch](/docs/manage/branches#set-a-branch-as-primary). If you have an older version of the integration that creates branches from your project's root branch, and you want branches created from your primary branch instead, you can upgrade your integration by reinstalling it from the Vercel Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Branches created for preview deployments are created from the [primary branch](/docs/reference/glossary#primary-branch) of your Neon project. Earlier versions of the integration created branches from the initial [root branch](/docs/reference/glossary#root-branch) of your Neon project, which is designated as the primary branch by default. Neon lets you [change the primary branch](/docs/manage/branches#set-a-branch-as-primary). If you have an older version of the integration that creates branches from your project's root branch, and you want branches created from your primary branch instead, you can upgrade your integration by reinstalling it from the Vercel Marketplace.
```
